# March 2nd, 2021

### Attendees
- Jerome Villegas
- Carol
- Vivek Pradhan
- Matt
- Shelby
- Safia
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

### Notes
- Isabela
    - JupyterLab accessibility updates. We are now posting notes to [jupyter/accessibility](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/) and other non-Lab specific activity will be happening there. Our main focus is WCAG 2.1 compliance, especially landmarks, labels, and any navigation focused features for now.
    - You can always join our meetings from the [Jupyter community calendar](https://jupyter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/community/content-community.html#jupyter-community-meetings)
    - Thanks for coming to community call last week!
- Carol
    - Nothing to update!
- Matt
    - papermill PR [#582](https://github.com/nteract/papermill/pull/582). Updates papermill to detect language from v4 path and fallback on v3 path. Also adds the option to manually define the language.
        - Carol will review the PR.
    - Participated in a commenting feature discussion.
        - Vivek talks about a use case they are looking for around commenting. Interest in a generic framework for commenting that can apply on the cell level. This is still in exploration level.
        - Matt follows up the difference between comments that need to be human readable and code comments that influence functionality (like for parameterization).
        - Consider using a namespace for the functional use in the cell metadata.
        - Reminder that the newest notebook format supports cell ids and that allows for commenting https://github.com/jupyter/nbformat/pull/189
    - scrapbook's conda-forge build, cleaning up the consequences of the name change and how it influences user updating scrapbook.
- Safia
    - Putting together a GSoD proposal to continue documentation push.
    - Grant writing!
    - Have been focused on operational work.
- Jerome
    - [Documentation survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSctD2rUAvBFRrE70im2I9WpTfh6ee_RucUxYEKWbjDkHoEyGQ/viewform) will still be open. Please take it or pass it on to people with feedback.
    - Draft PR [#5463](https://github.com/nteract/nteract/pull/5463). Would like review on a few areas that are still unclear.
- Shelby
    - Slowly getting back to things on the nteract side.
    - Welcome back! :tada: 
